No scaling (#1)
alexgurr/vivus: readme.md

  onReady: function (myVivus) {
    // `el` property is the SVG element
    myVivus.el.setAttribute('height', 'auto');

>   },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  }
```

  {
    type: 'delayed',
    duration: 200,

>     animTimingFunction: Vivus.EASE,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    animTimingFunction: Vivus.EASE
```

I'm sorry if it does not look very sexy, and it's not really easy to use. I'm happy to make any changes, as long as the idea sounds interesting. Post an issue and I'll be very happy to talk about it!

## Non Scaling

> Some SVG elements might use non sclaling properties, like `vector-effect="non-scaling-stroke"`, and are more likely to cause glitches. To give a bit of context, at init time, Vivus will map all the elements in the SVG and calculate their line length. But if the element is resized during the animation, it might compromise the animation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some SVG elements might use non scaling properties such as `vector-effect="non-scaling-stroke"`, which requires some additional custom logic. On instance construction Vivus will map all the child elements in the SVG and calculate their line length. If the element is resized during the animation, the calculated stroke style properties become invalid and the SVG will display incorrectly.
```

> To keep animation consistency, the method `.recalc()` must be called when the SVG is resized. It will re-calculate the line length on affected elements at the next frame calculation. The following snippet is an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep animation consistency, the method `recalc` should be called when the SVG is resized. It will re-calculate the line length on affected child elements on the next frame calculation.

Code example:
```

```js

> // Create your Vivus object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create your Vivus instance
```

const vivusObject = new Vivus('my-div', {
  duration: 200,
  file: 'link/to/my.svg',
});

> // Start your observer to update the SVG on resize

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Create your observer and set up a callback on resize
```

const resizeObserver = new ResizeObserver((entries) => {

>   vivusObject.recalc();

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Recalculate the line lengths
  vivusObject.recalc();
```

});

> resizeObserver.observe(vivusObject.el);

Reviewer: ```suggestion

resizeObserver.observe(vivusObject.el);
```

```

> If you're not sure if your SVG is affected, Vivus will provide a warning in the console to give a bit of context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vivus will provide a warning in the console when it detects stroke scaling.
```
